**The Big Idea** Foodate is an online ordering and restaurant data solving software. Our theme topics are restaurants and, if time permits, supply chain management. With dish pictures in it, customers, who are not native English speakers, can get the straightforward ideas of what the food is. By ordering food online, we can help the restaurants to collect and analyze data, such as revenue and the number of customers. The minimum viable product is to show the dishes, order food and calculate the total price. The stretch goal is to help the restaurants analyze and control costs by providing data relating to not only the incoming and outgoing but also whether the customer is new. 

**Learning Goals** We need to learn how to design and format the pages in code. Also, we can learn about how to present data graphs based on the date in software. How to help the restaurants to be more efficient, what data to be analyzed and how to analyze data are the significant challenges for us. If there is extra time available, we can learn more about the supply chain management to provide the restaurants with more data in different dimensions to analysis, controlling and reducing the cost to a large extent. 

**Implementation Plan** In order to help the restaurants to collect and analyze data, we will have five pages. The first page is the menu page. Dishes are organized in categories with names, pictures and prices on the page. This e-menu can be given to the customers, scrolling up and down to get the idea of what the dishes are like in the most straightforward way. The second page is the ordering page. There are detailed ingredients, pictures, price and name. In this page, you can change the quantity of the dish, either adding or subtracting. The third page is the shopping cart bill page. You can see all the dishes you ordered in quantity and total price. According to the customer, the waiter will enter the promotion code, if there is one, and click on the way of payment: cash, Wechat pay, Alipay or credit card. Finally, the last page will show today's revenue, number of customers, real income and the percentage of each payment method.

**Project Schedule** First week: determine the whole logics and detailed procedures of the product. Second week: design the five pages of the product. Third week: learn how to format the pages in code. Fourth week: code the menu page. Fifth week: code the ordering page. Sixth week: code the shopping cart bill page. Seventh week: code the data analysis and management page. Eighth week: wrap up.

**Collaboration Plan** We plan to pair program the entire thing follow our project structure, since our pages are linked to each other. We would have a flexible particular work time so that we can work together smoothly. We will use agile development method in our project in order to minimize risk (such as bugs, cost overruns, and changing requirements) when adding new functionality. 

**Risks** Since we didn’t go deeper with the format design of phone apps, and we need to engage lots of pictures in our project, it might be time-consuming for us to figure out how to deal with the work load. The risk is that the format won’t be as beautiful as we plan.

**Additional Course Content** Since in the class we learnt a lot about different functions, but we didn’t learn how to make the project looks good. We would like to know more that how to make the functions we learned combine with the icons to make the app being appealing, automized fully functional.